Added a new overload to `MatchRegex()` to assert on the number of regex matches (#1869)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/strings.md

subject.Should().NotMatchRegex(new System.Text.RegularExpressions.Regex(".*earth.*"));
subject.Should().NotMatchRegex(".*earth.*");
```

> And if that's not enough, you can count the occurrence of a regular expression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And if that's not enough, you can assert on the number of matches of a regular expression:
```

```csharp
someString.Should().MatchRegex("h.*\\sworld.$", Exactly.Once());

> someString.Should().MatchRegex(new System.Text.RegularExpressions.Regex("h.*\\sworld.$"), AtLeast.Twice());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
someString.Should().MatchRegex(new Regex("h.*\\sworld.$"), AtLeast.Twice());
```
